README.md, before:

# Homepage of Yi-Xin Liu's Research Group

This website is the homepage of Yi-Xin Liu's research group. **Yi-Xin Liu** is the copyright holder to all the contents published on this website except the underlying theme. If you wish to use any copyright material on this website, please contact me via the Email or address listed above to obtain a permission.

## Features

This website is designed for **math** and **code** intensive blogging, particularly suited for computational scientist. The main features are:

* Minimal visual components plus a responsive, paper-like, extremely clean appearance. Let visitors focus on the main content of a post.
* Beautiful Inline and display math equations rendered by [MathJax](https://www.mathjax.org/).
* Markdown code block fences are rendered with line numbers by default and with a carefully tweaked solarized light theme.
* Code blocks and its output look similar to Jupyter Notebook.
* Julia and Python REPL code blocks.
* Comments powered by [utterances](https://utteranc.es/).
* Pre-designed TOC and alerts.
* Support Twitter Card.
* Support per tag Atom feeds, see <samp>feed_julia.xml</samp> for an example.

It has been deployed to Github Pages at [http://liuyxpp.github.io](http://liuyxpp.github.io) with custom domain at [http://www.yxliu.group](http://www.yxliu.group).

This website adopts features from

* The HPSTR Jekyll Theme by [Michael Rose](https://github.com/mmistakes)
* The Clean Blog Theme by [David Miller](https://github.com/davidtmiller/).
* The [TWiStErRob Blog](http://www.twisterrob.net) Theme by [Róbert Sándor Papp](https://github.com/TWiStErRob/twisterrob.github.io).

## Usage

If you wish to use the Jekyll theme of this website, please follow the guidelines below:

1. Please give credit by starring [this project](https://github.com/liuyxpp/liuyxpp.github.io) and/or display this line on your website: <q>This website is powered by [LYX Jekyll theme](https://github.com/liuyxpp/liuyxpp.github.io)</q>.
2. Remove all personal materials and personal information about me (Yi-Xin Liu).
3. Remove all the contents in the following directories: `_posts`, `_drafts`, `_data`, `_site`, `CV`, `downloads`, `images`, `publications`, `research`, and `software`.
4. Modify the configuration file `_config.yml` to add your own personal information.
5. Add your contents.
6. Publish your website.

## Important Notice

**PLEASE DO NOT PUBLISH YOUR WEBSITE BEFORE YOU REMOVE ALL COPYRIGHT MATERIAL!**

Commit message:

Update blog post: 2020-04-13-post-template. Update text code blocks format. Use code font Roboto Mono as default. Update README.md

README.md, after:

# Homepage of Yi-Xin Liu's Research Group

This website is the homepage of Yi-Xin Liu's research group. **Yi-Xin Liu** is the copyright holder to all the contents published on this website except the underlying theme. If you wish to use any copyright material on this website, please contact me via the Email or address listed above to obtain a permission.

## Features

This website is designed for **math** and **code** intensive blogging, particularly suited for computational scientist. The main features are:

* Minimal visual components plus a responsive, paper-like, extremely clean appearance. Let visitors focus on the main content of a post.
* Beautiful Inline and display math equations rendered by [MathJax](https://www.mathjax.org/).
* Markdown code block fences are rendered with line numbers by default and with a carefully tweaked solarized light theme.
* Code blocks and its output look similar to Jupyter Notebook.
* Julia and Python REPL code blocks.
* Comments powered by [utterances](https://utteranc.es/).
* Pre-designed TOC and alerts.
* Support Twitter Card.
* Support per tag Atom feeds, see <samp>feed_julia.xml</samp> for an example.

It has been deployed to Github Pages at [http://liuyxpp.github.io](http://liuyxpp.github.io) with custom domain at [http://www.yxliu.group](http://www.yxliu.group).

This website adopts features from

* The HPSTR Jekyll Theme by [Michael Rose](https://github.com/mmistakes)
* The Clean Blog Theme by [David Miller](https://github.com/davidtmiller/).
* The [TWiStErRob Blog](http://www.twisterrob.net) Theme by [Róbert Sándor Papp](https://github.com/TWiStErRob/twisterrob.github.io).

## Usage

If you wish to use the Jekyll theme of this website, please follow the guidelines below:

1. Please give credit by starring [this project](https://github.com/liuyxpp/liuyxpp.github.io) and/or display this line on your website: <q>This website is powered by [LYX Jekyll theme](https://github.com/liuyxpp/liuyxpp.github.io)</q>.
2. Remove all personal materials and personal information about me (Yi-Xin Liu).
3. Remove all the contents in the following directories: `_posts`, `_drafts`, `_data`, `_site`, `downloads`, `images`, and `pages`.
4. Modify the configuration file `_config.yml` to add your own personal information.
5. Add your contents.
6. You can add your own per category page at `blog/category` by editing the sample pages. Just remove all `.md` files if you don't want any per category page.
7. Publish your website.

A Sample blog post/template can be found at `_posts/2020-04-13-post-template.md`. It also includes some guidelines to write blog posts with this Jekyll theme. You can read it [here]({% post_url 2020-04-13-post-template.md %}).

## Important Notice

**PLEASE DO NOT PUBLISH YOUR WEBSITE BEFORE YOU REMOVE ALL COPYRIGHT MATERIAL!**
