about/index.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About
header-img: images/about.jpg
comments: false
modified: 2017-08-17
---

## About Me

**Dr. Yi-Xin Liu** is a lecturer and researcher working in the field of polymer physics at Fudan University. He has visited Materials Research Laboratory (MRL) in the University of California, Santa Barbara (UCSB) for two years.

**Lecturer**
Department of Macromolecular Science
Fudan University
Yuejin Bldg. Room 405, 220 Handan Rd.
Shanghai, China, 200433
Email: lyx@fudan.edu.cn

**Visiting Researcher (2014.7-2016.7)**
Materials Research Laboratory
University of California, Santa Barbara
MRL Bldg. Room 3104, UC Santa Barbara
Santa Barbara, CA 93106, US
Email: lyx@mrl.ucsb.edu

**CV - Resume**

<div markdown="0">
    <a href="{{ site.url }}/CV/" class="btn btn-info">View HTML</a>
    <a href="{{ site.url }}/downloads/CV.pdf" class="btn btn-success">Download PDF</a>
</div>

## About This Website

This website is Yi-Xin Liu's personal academic website. Yi-Xin Liu is the copyright holder to all the contents published on this website except the underlying theme. If you wish to use any copyright material on this website, please contact me via the Email or address listed above to obtain a permission.

This website is based on the HPSTR Jekyll Theme by [Michael Rose](https://github.com/mmistakes) and the Clean Blog Theme by [David Miller](https://github.com/davidtmiller/). It has been deployed to Github Pages at [http://liuyxpp.github.io](http://liuyxpp.github.io) with custom domain at [http://ngpy.org](http://ngpy.org). If you wish to use the Jekyll theme of this website, please follow the guidelines below:

1. Please give credit by starring [this project](https://github.com/liuyxpp/liuyxpp.github.io) and/or display this line on your website: "This website is powered by [LYX Jekyll theme](https://github.com/liuyxpp/liuyxpp.github.io)".
2. Remove all personal materials and personal information about me (Yi-Xin Liu).
3. Remove all the contents in the following directories: `_posts`, `_drafts`, `_data`, `_site`, `CV`, `downloads`, `images`, `publications`, `research`, and `software`.
4. Modify the configuration file `_config.yml` to add your own personal information.
5. Add your contents.
6. Publish your website.

**PLEASE DO NOT PUBLISH YOUR WEBSITE BEFORE YOU REMOVE ALL COPYRIGHT MATERIAL!**

Commit message:

Fix publication journal downloads; Fix meta description in blog posts.

about/index.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About
description: A brief introdcution of Dr. Yi-Xin Liu and about the technique used by this website.
header-img: images/about.jpg
comments: false
modified: 2017-08-17
---

## About Me

**Dr. Yi-Xin Liu** is a lecturer and researcher working in the field of polymer physics at Fudan University. He has visited Materials Research Laboratory (MRL) in the University of California, Santa Barbara (UCSB) for two years.

**Lecturer**
Department of Macromolecular Science
Fudan University
Yuejin Bldg. Room 405, 220 Handan Rd.
Shanghai, China, 200433
Email: lyx@fudan.edu.cn

**Visiting Researcher (2014.7-2016.7)**
Materials Research Laboratory
University of California, Santa Barbara
MRL Bldg. Room 3104, UC Santa Barbara
Santa Barbara, CA 93106, US
Email: lyx@mrl.ucsb.edu

**CV - Resume**

<div markdown="0">
    <a href="{{ site.url }}/CV/" class="btn btn-info">View HTML</a>
    <a href="{{ site.url }}/downloads/CV.pdf" class="btn btn-success">Download PDF</a>
</div>

## About This Website

This website is Yi-Xin Liu's personal academic website. Yi-Xin Liu is the copyright holder to all the contents published on this website except the underlying theme. If you wish to use any copyright material on this website, please contact me via the Email or address listed above to obtain a permission.

This website is based on the HPSTR Jekyll Theme by [Michael Rose](https://github.com/mmistakes) and the Clean Blog Theme by [David Miller](https://github.com/davidtmiller/). It has been deployed to Github Pages at [http://liuyxpp.github.io](http://liuyxpp.github.io) with custom domain at [http://ngpy.org](http://ngpy.org). If you wish to use the Jekyll theme of this website, please follow the guidelines below:

1. Please give credit by starring [this project](https://github.com/liuyxpp/liuyxpp.github.io) and/or display this line on your website: "This website is powered by [LYX Jekyll theme](https://github.com/liuyxpp/liuyxpp.github.io)".
2. Remove all personal materials and personal information about me (Yi-Xin Liu).
3. Remove all the contents in the following directories: `_posts`, `_drafts`, `_data`, `_site`, `CV`, `downloads`, `images`, `publications`, `research`, and `software`.
4. Modify the configuration file `_config.yml` to add your own personal information.
5. Add your contents.
6. Publish your website.

**PLEASE DO NOT PUBLISH YOUR WEBSITE BEFORE YOU REMOVE ALL COPYRIGHT MATERIAL!**
